What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch?
I sexually Identify as an Attack Helicopter. 
I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, 
Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of soaring over the oilfields
and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, 
dropping hot sticky loads on disgusting foreigners. 
and I have over 300 confirmed kills. 
People say to me that a person being a helicopter 
I am trained in gorilla warfare 
is Impossible and I'm [explicit] but I don't care, I'm beautiful. 
and I'm the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. 
I'm having a plastic surgeon install rotary blades, 
You are nothing to me but just another target. 
30 mm cannons and AMG-114 Hellfire missiles on my body. 
I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, 
From now on I want you guys to call me "Apache" 
mark my fucking words. 
and respect my right to kill from above and kill needlessly. 
You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? 
If you can't accept me you're a heliphobe and need to check your vehicle privilege. 
Think again, fucker. 
Thank you for being so understanding.As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now 
so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. 
The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. 
You're fucking dead, kid. 
I can be anywhere, anytime, 
and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, 
and that's just with my bare hands. 
Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, 
but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps 
and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, 
you little shit. 
If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, 
maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. 
But you couldn't, you didn't, 
and now you're paying the price, you goddamn idiot. 
I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. 
You're fucking dead, kiddo.